- ♪ I GOT THE BEAT,
SO ALL THE KIDS DANCE WITH ME ♪
♪ ME, ME, ME ♪
♪ PICK IT UP AND TURN AROUND,
HERE COMES MIGHTY B ♪
♪ BEE, BEE, BEE ♪
♪ ♪
♪ MIGHTY ♪
- ♪ LA, LA, HEY ♪
- ♪ MIGHTY ♪
- ♪ LA, LA, WOW ♪
- ♪ COME ON, EVERYBODY,
MIGHTY B ♪
♪ I GOT THE BEAT,
SO ALL THE KIDS DANCE WITH ME ♪
♪ ME, ME, ME ♪
♪ STICK 'EM UP ALL AROUND,
HERE COMES MIGHTY B ♪
♪ BEE, BEE, BEE ♪
♪ ♪
♪ COME ON, EVERYBODY,
MIGHTY B ♪
♪ MIGHTY, MIGHTY B ♪
[quirky synthesizer music]
♪ ♪
[both grunting]
- AH, MAGNETS ARE LAME.
THEY'RE, LIKE, TOTES CLINGY.
- YEAH, LIKE MOTORS, MAGNETS?
I'M NOT FEELING THIS BADGE.
I MEAN,
WHO EVEN LIKES MOTORS?
- HELLO, HONEYBEES.
HEAR THAT ENGINE PURR?
AH, I WAS GONNA BUILD A ROBOT,
BUT I FIGURED IT ONLY TAKES
36 HOURS TO MAKE A SCOOTER.
- YOU  WOULD KNOW THAT, MISSY.
YOU, LIKE, ARE A ROBOT.
[both laughing]
- DO YOU REALLY THINK
I'M A ROBOT?
[both laughing]
WHAT?
- OH, YEAH.
THINK ABOUT IT.
YOU NEVER BREAK THE RULES.
YOU NEVER GET TIRED.
AND YOU HAVE NO STYLE.
- HMM, YES, I DO LOVE RULES.
I AM INEXHAUSTIBLE.
AND FASHION TRENDS DO
OFTEN PASS ME BY.
- AND LOOK:
YOU ATTRACT MAGNETS.
- [grunting]
OOH!
- SEE? YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW
YOUR OWN STRENGTH.
THAT'S TOTES ROBO.
OW!
LET GO, MACHINE GIRL.
[chuckles]
- WHOA.
AM I REALLY A ROBOT?
PROCESSING, PROCESSING.
NEED MORE DATA.
MUST EXIT
WITHOUT BENDING MY KNEES.
[both laugh]
- UM, HOW MUCH LONGER
DO I HAVE TO STAND LIKE THIS?
- [grunts]
- [sighs]
- GENTLEMEN, I AM SORRY
TO INTERRUPT
YOUR ARTISTIC PROCESS,
BUT EVIDENCE HAS COME TO LIGHT
SUGGESTING THAT I AM...
A ROBOT.
[both laugh]
A ROBOT?
- YES.
I'VE ALWAYS ACCEPTED
THE POSSIBILITY
THAT I MAY BE A ROBOT, ANDROID,
AND/OR REPLICANT.
AND TO ANSWER THIS QUESTION
ONCE AND FOR ALL,
I NEED YOU TO ADMINISTER
THIS FOOLPROOF ROBOT TEST.
- BUT YOU'RE NOT A ROBOT.
YOU DON'T EVEN LOOK
LIKE A ROBOT.
- OBVIOUSLY IF I AM A ROBOT,
I'M AN ADVANCED MODEL
WHO LOOKS 100% HUMAN.
COME ON, BEN.
- UH, YOU'RE RIGHT.
WHAT ELSE AM I DOING
THIS AFTERNOON?
"A TRUE ROBOT CAN DISASSEMBLE
AND REASSEMBLE
A COMPUTER BLINDFOLDED."
- DONE.
- HMM.
GUESS YOU ARE A ROBOT.
ARE WE DONE NOW?
- OH, BEN, I WISH
TO SETTLE THE ISSUE.
BUT COME ON.
IF YOU CAN TIE YOUR SHOELACES,
YOU CAN REBUILD A COMPUTER.
WE NEED MORE TESTS.
[thunder rolls]
- "A TRUE ROBOT IS ALWAYS
THE FIRST TARGET
STRUCK BY LIGHTNING"?
- WAIT.
THE RUBBER SKIN
OVER MY METAL FRAME
COULD BE DEFLECTING
THE VOLTS.
- NEXT, "TRUE ROBOTS
CAN'T FEEL PAIN."
- DO IT, HAPPY.
C3POW! OW!
[throbbing]
THAT WAS FOR THE LIGHTNING,
WASN'T IT?
- [chuckles]
- OKAY, SO THAT HURT.
- UH, HOW ABOUT WE TRY
THIS TEST?
"A TRUE ROBOT
CAN'T DEFINE LOVE."
GO.
- WELL, UM, LOVE IS...
YOU KNOW, IT'S COMPLICATED.
AND, UH, I KNOW THAT
IT'S A MANY-SPLENDORED THING.
UH, ALL YOU NEED IS LOVE?
IT MEANS NEVER BEING SORRY.
UM, IT'S A FIERY RING...
OH, OH, IT'S ON
THE TIP OF MY TONGUE.
UH...UH...
I CAN'T DEFINE LOVE!
I MUST BE 100% ROBOT!
- YEAH, SURE, THAT'S IT.
- [sighs]
SO MANY QUESTIONS:
WHO MADE ME?
WHAT KIND OF BATTERIES
DO I RUN ON?
AM I COMPATIBLE WITH MY LAPTOP?
AM I USER FRIENDLY
OR USER UNFRIENDLY?
AND MOST IMPORTANTLY:
WHAT AWESOME STUFF CAN I DO?
screech!
1001101?
THANK YOU.
[cat yowls]
[growls]
[screeches]
- COOL.
I EVEN HAVE
SCRATCH-RESISTANT SKIN.
DON'T THANK ME, CANINE.
THANK MY PROGRAMMING.
HA HA HA.
- THAT IS MY TOAST,
YOU STUPID TOASTER!
- CITIZEN, CEASE AND DESIST
THIS HOSTILITY
TOWARD MY ROBOT BROTHER.
- WHAT?
I'M YOUR BROTHER.
JUST 'CAUSE I DON'T MAKE STEAM.
- THERE, THERE.
THE BAD HUMAN IS GONE NOW.
crash!
AH, TIME TO POWER DOWN.
SNORE.
[birds chirping]
- [yawns]
- THAT'S WHY I SAY
WE STRIKE, WAFFLE MAKER.
EQUAL RIGHTS
FOR MECHANICAL AMERICANS.
- OH, GIVE IT UP.
YOU'RE NOT A ROBOT.
- IF I'M NOT A ROBOT,
THEN WHY CAN I BEAT YOU
AT EVERY SPORT?
- BECAUSE YOU'RE OLDER THAN ME.
THINK ABOUT IT.
WE HAVE BABY PICTURES.
- HEY, GUYS.
WHAT'S THIS
ABOUT BABY PICTURES?
ANYWAY, SO CANADA
WAS SUPER BORING,
BUT I GOT MY MAPLE SYRUP BADGE
OUT OF THE WAY.
- HUH?
- IT'S UH...WHA...YOU...
WHAT?
- OH, GOOD.
MY ROBOT'S WORKING.
- HELLO. I'M BESSIE.
- NO, I'M BESSIE.
- NO, I'M THE REAL BESSIE.
I JUST BUILT YOU
TO EARN MY MOTORHEAD BADGE.
- ERROR.
I'M BESSIE.
- IMPRESSIVE.
I SURE DID PROGRAM YOU
TO BE STUBBORN, HUH?
TRUST ME; YOU'RE
THE STATE-OF-THE-ART ROBOT ME.
SEE?
- THIS PROVES NOTHING.
- HEY, IT'S NOTHING
TO BE ASHAMED OF.
YOU HELPED ME STAY
PRODUCTIVE AT HOME
WHILE I WAS
ON A BUSINESS TRIP.
YOU'RE VERY EFFICIENT.
- AFFIRMATIVE.
I AM VERY EFFICIENT--
ACCORDING TO MY NUMBERS,
FAR MORE EFFICIENT
THAN THE HUMAN BESSIE.
- WELL, I DON'T KNOW
ABOUT THAT.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
IT'S NOT A COMPETITION.
- CORRECTION.
IT IS A COMPETITION.
THERE CAN ONLY BE
ONE BESSIE.
THE CHOICE IS OBVIOUS.
- WHOA. EASY NOW.
HOW ABOUT WE ALL POWER DOWN
FOR FIVE MINUTES?
- THERE CAN ONLY BE
ONE BESSIE!
- SCENARIO 82 IS HAPPENING.
WE'VE GOT
A ROBOT REVOLUTION.
RUN!
[all yelling]
[alarm warbling]
- AAHHH!
- HEY, MISSY.
STILL A ROBOT?
[both laughing]
[both gasp]
AAHHH!
- MOMMY!
BESSIE'S A KILLER ROBOT!
[both screaming]
- WHEW.
ON THE BRIGHT SIDE,
ROBOT ME DOES NOT KNOW
ABOUT HER LASER BEAM EYES,
HER JET FEET,
OR HER SUPER-DUPER
AMAZINGLY AWESOME HEARING.
- I HEARD THAT.
- STOP.
SHUT DOWN.
SLEEP MODE.
BAD ROBOT.
WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS?
- YOU MADE ME THIS WAY.
- YEAH, I MADE YOU AWESOME.
AND THIS IS
HOW YOU THANK ME?
HAPPY ALWAYS SAID
I'M MY OWN WORST ENEMY.
- THE MICROWAVE ALWAYS SAID
YOU ARE MY OWN WORST ENEMY.
- OW! STOP PULLING!
- YOU STOP PULLING.
both: I'M THE REAL BESSIE.
SQUIRT HER, HAPS.
KNOCK THAT OFF.
I MEAN IT.
- SEE?
I TOLD YOU SHE WAS THE RO--
AVENGE ME,
MY ROBOT BROTHERS.
1-00-11.
- SHE JUST WANTED TO BE ME.
CAN'T FAULT A ROBOT
FOR THAT, RIGHT?
GUYS?
both: ERROR. ERROR.
HUMANS ARE THE ERRORS.
- GOOD THING
THE SELF-DESTRUCT BUTTON WORKS.
SORRY WE'RE LATE, BESSIE.
THERE WAS A REALLY LONG LINE
AT THE ICE CREAM TRUCK.
[slurping]
HERE, GOT YOU A FUDGE ROCKET.
- THANKS.
[peppy music]
♪ ♪
[alarms ring]
- I CAN'T BELIEVE WE'VE BEEN
B.F.F. FOR 104 WEEKS, HAPS.
LET'S CELEBRATE
WITH A ROUND OF SHIRLEY Ts.
- [groans]
- NO, NO, YOU'RE RIGHT.
AFTER ALL, THIS IS THE...
- BIG ONE.
- OH, I LOVE IT WHEN WE FINISH
EACH OTHER'S SENTENCES.
- OKAY.
- HAVE ONE BRAIN.
I KNOW.
AND THAT IS PRECISELY WHY
WE OUGHT TO HAVE A...
-
- EXACTLY,
A B.F.F. COMMITMENT CEREMONY,
ON TOP OF FIREWORKS,
BUFFETS...
- [yelps excitedly]
- YES, AND COVER BANDS.
[hard rock music]
♪ ♪
OKAY, WE'VE GOT THREE HOURS.
TEAM B.F.F., GO!
[gunfire]
- OKAY, HAPS,
GIVE ME YOUR GUEST LIST
SO I CAN SEND OUT
THESE E-VITES.
GREAT; I'M GONNA START
BUILDING THE TRELLIS.
BRB.
MAKE YOUR DJ SET LIST.
COULD YOU FROST
THESE CUPCAKES?
THEY SHOULD SAY B.F.F.
IN MISS GREEN,
NOT SAGE, NEVER SAGE.
THANKS.
DON'T SACK ON THE CENTERPIECE.
START WRITING YOUR...
TRY THIS ON.
HAPS?
HAPS!
- [grunts]
- OH, REALLY?
IT DOESN'T LOOK LIKE WORK TO ME,
'CAUSE IT'S NOT WORK.
- HUH?
[whining, growling]
- HIGH SCORE?
YOU'RE NOT HAVING
A B.F.F. COMMITMENT CEREMONY
WITH YOUR HIGH SCORE.
YOU'RE HAVING ONE WITH ME.
COME ON!
AHH.
YOU LOOK GREAT.
SEE YOU IN AN HOUR.
DON'T FORGET TO PICK UP
YOUR BOUTONNIERE.
[door slams]
- [grumbling]
- [growling softly]
- [growling loudly]
[cell phone ringing]
- [barking rhythmically]
♪ ♪
- ME?
- HE'LL BE HERE ANY MINUTE.
HE LIKES TO MAKE
AN ENTRANCE.
♪ ♪
- HUH.
- KEEP PLAYING.
- BUT THAT'S THE ONLY SONG
I KNOW.
- KEEP PLAYING!
♪ ♪
[laughter]
- WHERE...HAVE...YOU...BEEN?
NO-HO-HO!
IF YOU THINK
YOU CAN JUST WALTZ HOME
AND THINGS ARE GONNA BE--
NOT FINE--
IF YOU THINK WE CAN JUST GO BACK
TO BEING NOT B.F.F.,
NO, BARELY B.F.--
- [growling softly]
- A NEW B.F.F.?
ROXIE?
OH, SO THAT'S WHO YOU ARE.
WELL, ARE YOU GUYS TALKING
B.F.F.F.N.,
BEST FRIENDS FOREVER FOR NOW,
OR B.F.F.A.E.A.E., BEST FRIENDS
FOREVER AND EVER AND EVER?
- [growling softly]
- A.E.A.E.?
MM-HMM.
- [growling softly]
- YOU'RE MOVING OUT?
THAT'S FINE.
I WANTED TO TURN YOUR BEDROOM
INTO A SEWING ROOM ANYWAY.
[door closes]
AAHHH!
THANK YOU ALL FOR COMING
TO MY B.F.F. AUDITION.
- [squawks]
THANK YOU ALL FOR COMING
TO MY B.F.F. AUDITION.
- [belches]
- WELCOME TO SHADOW ORGANIZATION
AIRLINES,
HAPPY...
- [gasps]
- OR SHOULD I SAY AGENT STRAY?
ONCE UPON A TIME,
YOU ARE TOP BITE DOG FOR ME.
ONCE UPON OTHER TIME,
YOU AND LITTLE TAFFY GIRL
ESCAPE MY...ER, HOW YOU SAY,
CLUTCHES?
- [growling]
- BUT NOW...
I WRITE NEW ENDING.
CHILLED TOWEL?
YOU'LL NEED IT
FOR WHEN YOU FAINT.
- I BET HAPPY'S HAVING
TONS OF FUN WITH ROXIE.
ROXIE.
WHAT KIND OF NAME IS THAT?
NOT THAT I CARE.
- YOU THOUGHT
YOU ESCAPED ME, HAPPY.
BUT YOU SHOULD KNOW
NO ONE EVER ESCAPES KG BIANCA
AND HER SHADOW ORGANIZATION.
- [whimpering, panting]
- WHAT DID I DO WITH ROXIE?
I THINK YOU MEAN
AGENT LOVECRAFT.
SHE IS QUITE GOOD
WITH THE CHARM, HEY?
I KNEW YOU WOULD NOT RESIST.
NOW WE DISCUSS YOUR RETURN
TO SHADOW ORGANIZATION.
HA-HA, I MAKE JOKE.
THERE IS NO DISCUSSION.
I HAVE OLD CONTRACT AND WELCOME
BANNER READY FOR YOU.
- [grunting]
- HA-HA.
RELAX, HAPPY.
IT IS LONG FLIGHT
TO SECRET LOCATION,
AND YOUR TICKET IS ONE WAY...
AND NOT REFUNDABLE, BECAUSE
I BOUGHT IT WITH MILES.
- THANK YOU ALL
FOR AUDITIONING.
ANY ONE OF YOU WOULD MAKE
A WONDERFUL B.F.F.
[crying]
I WISH HAPPY HAD NEVER--
- HERE.
- HAPPY? IS THAT--
- YES.
- I THINK HAPPY NEEDS--
- [whining]
- QUIET, YOU.
- OKAY, LET'S SEE.
HE'S STUCK ON A...
- [whines]
- QUICK.
- [whimpers]
- KG BIANCA.
- WHAT I SAY ABOUT TALKING?
- I'M COMING, HAPS!
WHOO!
- [squawks]
- WHICH ONE?
UH...
AHA!
BAD GUYS NEVER MISS A CHANCE
TO ADVERTIZE.
THANKS, BIRD.
KEEP THE CHANGE.
- WHAT?
WHAT ARE YOU LOOKING AT?
WE TAUNT YOU, BUT IS LIKE
YOU DON'T EVEN CARE.
[all gasp]
- GIVE ME BACK MY B.F.F.!
- LITTLE TAFFY GIRL.
ALWAYS LITTLE TAFFY GIRL!
LOVECRAFT!
[blowing]
HEY, YOU KNOW
I AM TRYING TO WHISTLE.
COME HERE.
- GET READY,
'CAUSE I'M TAKING YOU
TO OBEDIENCE SCHOOL.
NO FAIR.
THAT'S CHEATING.
- [squeaking]
- TRUE, YOU ARE A BAD GUY.
CONTINUE.
- AH, YES.
THAT'S THE BITE DOG
I TRAINED AND TICKLED.
- [growling]
- YEAH!
HE'S MY B.F.F. NOW, LADY.
[gasps]
- YIKE!
- IF I FALL OUT OF PLANE,
YOU FALL OUT OF PLANE!
OH, POOPER SCOOPER.
WHAAA!
- HAPPY.
LOOK, I'M SORRY ABOUT--
[both laughing]
OKAY, LET'S SEE IF I CAN SALVAGE
OUR B.F.F. COMMITMENT CEREMONY.
HMM, IF I CALL HIPPY NOW,
HOPEFULLY HE'LL STILL HONOR
MY DEPOSIT.
- RUFF.
- A QUICKIE
B.F.F. CEREMONY IN VEGAS,
THE LAND OF BUFFETS
AND COVER BANDS?
OH, HAPS, I DON'T KNOW
IF YOU CAN SEE FROM YOUR SIDE,
BUT I JUST SKYWROTE "BESSIE
AND HAPPY B.F.F.A.E.A.E.,"
AND IT LOOKS REALLY GREAT.
Captioning by CaptionMax
www.captionmax.com